=head1 NAME

endoscope - Qt-application inspection and manipulation tool.

=head1 SYNOPSIS

endoscope [--injector <injector>] [--pid <pid> | <application> <args>]


=head1 DESCRIPTION

Endoscope inspects runtime internals of a Qt-application, such as:
    Object tree, properties, signal/slots, widgets, models,
    graphics views, javascript debugger, resources,
    state machines, meta types, fonts, codecs, text documents

=head1 OPTIONS

=over 4

=item B<--help>

Print help message and exit.

=item B<--version>

Print version information and exit.

=item B<-p, --pid <pid>>

Attach to running Qt application with the specified pid.

=item B<-i, --injector <injector>> 

Set the specified injection type.

Supported injectors are:
     preload
     gdb
     style

=back

=head1 EXAMPLES

=over 4

=item Run endoscope on the Qt-application C<qtfoo>

 % endoscope /path/to/qtfoo

=item Invoke endoscope on the Qt-application running with pid=1234

 % endoscope --pid=1234

=item Invoke endoscope on with injector gdb on Qt-application running with pid=1234

 % endoscope --injector=gdb --pid=1234

=back

=head1 PLUGINS

Todo

=head1 ENVIRONMENT

B<LD_PRELOAD> - Todo

B<QT_PLUGIN_PATH> - Todo

B<ENDOSCOPE_STYLEINJECTOR_PROBEDLL> - Todo

B<ENDOSCOPE_STYLEINJECTOR_PROBEFUNC> - Todo

B<DYLD_FORCE_FLAT_NAMESPACE> - Todo

B<DYLD_INSERT_LIBRARIES> - Todo


=head1 EXIT STATUS

Todo

=head1 COPYRIGHT

Copyright (C) 2010-2011 Klaralvdalens Datakonsult AB, a KDAB Group company, <info@kdab.com>

This program is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify
it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
the Free Software Foundation; either version 2 of the License, or
(at your option) any later version.

This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the
GNU General Public License for more details.

You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License along
with this program; if not, write to the Free Software Foundation, Inc.,
51 Franklin Street, Fifth Floor, Boston, MA  02110-1301, USA.

=head1 SEE ALSO

Todo

=head1 AUTHORS

Volker Krause <volker.krause@kdab.com>

=cut
