=head1 NAME

GammaRay - Qt-application inspection and manipulation tool.

=head1 SYNOPSIS

gammaray [--injector <injector>] [--pid <pid> | <application> <args>]


=head1 DESCRIPTION

GammaRay inspects runtime internals of a Qt-application, such as:
    Object tree, properties, signal/slots, widgets, models,
    graphics views, javascript debugger, resources,
    state machines, meta types, fonts, codecs, text documents

When run without any options, gammaray will present a list of running
Qt-applications from which you can attach the selected injector.
Else, you can attach to a running process by specifying its pid,
or you can start a new Qt-application by specifying its name
(and optional arguments).

=head1 OPTIONS

=over 4

=item B<--help>

Print help message and exit.

=item B<--version>

Print version information and exit.

=item B<-p, --pid <pid>>

Attach to running Qt application with the specified pid.

=item B<-i, --injector <injector>> 

Set the specified injection type.

Supported injectors are:
     preload (Linux, Mac OS)
     gdb (Linux. requires gdb to be installed)
     style
     windll (Windows)

=back

=head1 EXAMPLES

=over 4

=item Run gammaray on the Qt-application C<qtfoo> with command line arguments
'arg1' and 'arg2':

 % gammaray /path/to/qtfoo arg1 arg2

=item Invoke gammaray on the Qt-application running with pid 1234:

 % gammaray --pid 1234

=item Invoke gammaray on with injector gdb on Qt-application running with pid 1234:

 % gammaray --injector gdb --pid 1234

=back

=head1 EXIT STATUS

Exits with 0 under normal operation; otherwise, exists with a positive integer
indicating a problem occurred while launching or attaching an injector.

=head1 COPYRIGHT

Copyright (C) 2010-2011 Klaralvdalens Datakonsult AB, a KDAB Group company, <info@kdab.com>

This program is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify
it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
the Free Software Foundation; either version 2 of the License, or
(at your option) any later version.

This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the
GNU General Public License for more details.

You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License along
with this program; if not, write to the Free Software Foundation, Inc.,
51 Franklin Street, Fifth Floor, Boston, MA  02110-1301, USA.

=head1 AUTHORS

 Volker Krause <volker.krause@kdab.com> (Head Engineer)
 Allen Winter <allen.winter@kdab.com>
 Andreas Holzammer <andreas.holzammer@kdab.com>
 David Faure <david.faure@kdab.com>
 Kevin Funk <kevin.funk@kdab.com>
 Milian Wolff <milian.wolff@kdab.com>
 Patrick Spendrin <patrick.spendrin@kdab.com>
 Stephen Kelly <stephen.kelly@kdab.com>
 Till Adam <till@kdab.com>
 Tobias Koenig <tobias.koenig@kdab.com>

=cut
